Use default network in Google Cloud Platform Guide (#68846)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/guide_gce.rst

The full range of GCP modules provide the ability to create a wide variety of
GCP resources with the full support of the entire GCP API.

The following playbook creates a GCE Instance. This instance relies on other GCP
resources like Disk. By creating other resources separately, we can give as

> much detail as necessary about how we want to configure the other resources, e.g. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
much detail as necessary about how we want to configure the other resources, for example
```
